In our custom feature, players may encounter an egg during exploration mode. This egg will eventually hatch into a shiba pet that follows the player around. If the player moves too fast, the shiba may be briefly out of the screen, but it will quickly return to the player. The Pet Button, located below the Seedshop Button, will be activated once the pet has hatched. This new feature allows players to track the pet's mood, energy, and age, as well as purchase and feed food to the shiba.

The shiba's mood depends on the amount of interaction the player has with it. If the player doesn't interact with the shiba for an extended period, its mood will gradually decrease. The avatar within the "My Pet" button will also change based on its mood; there are four different avatars corresponding to different mood levels. However, players can increase the shiba's mood by tapping on it during exploration mode. Each time the shiba is tapped, a small red heart will appear above it, indicating an increase in mood. However, there is a currency cost every time the shiba is tapped.

The shiba's energy is influenced by the amount of food fed to it and the number of interactions. When players interact with the shiba by tapping on it during exploration mode, its energy will decrease. Players can help increase the shiba's energy by purchasing food within the "My Pet" button. The "My Pet" button will also track and display the amount of food the user has left, and if it reaches 0, the user will be unable to feed the shiba.

The shiba's age increases steadily over time.

During interaction mode, the shiba will be visible in the scene, playing around. If a squirrel appears during interaction mode, the shiba will chase after it and protect the tree, preventing the squirrel from getting too close. However, the shiba won't be able to defeat the squirrel. The player still has to throw an acorn towards it to make the squirrel disappear.

Github Links:
Angela Peng:
https://angelaqpeng.github.io

Andy Yang:
https://andyyhy.com/eecs498-Portfolio/